Remove auto-index/category docs views/URLs (#5781)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/troubleshooting/gather-troubleshooting-information-java.mdx

  - /docs/agents/java-agent/troubleshooting/providing-troubleshooting-information-java
---

> If the Java agent's troubleshooting procedures (like [No data appears](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/troubleshooting/no-data-appears-java) and other docs in that category) have not resolved your problem, use the [log files](#logfiles) to troubleshoot the issue. If you need further assistance, contact [support.newrelic.com](https://support.newrelic.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Java agent's troubleshooting procedures (like [No data appears](/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/troubleshooting/no-data-appears-java) and other docs in that category) haven't resolved your problem, use the [log files](#logfiles) to troubleshoot the issue. If you need further assistance, contact [support.newrelic.com](https://support.newrelic.com).
```
